v2.1, v3.0, dev: add a warning in batch operations (#1405)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/sql/statements/load-data.md

* TiDB will by default commit every 20 000 rows. This behavior is similar to MySQL NDB Cluster, but not the default configuration with the InnoDB storage engine.

> **Note:**
> 

> > Committing through splitting transactions is at the expense of breaking the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When using it, you need to ensure that there are **not any other** ongoing operations on the table, and in the event of an error, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Committing through splitting a transaction is at the expense of breaking the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When performing this operation, you must ensure that there are **no other** ongoing operations on the table. When an error occurs, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended to set this parameter in a production environment.
```
